Fix broken/brittle docs links (#3574)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: packages/docs/docs/advanced-customization/custom-templates.md

The following props are passed to a custom field template component:

- `id`: The id of the field in the hierarchy. You can use it to render a label targeting the wrapped widget.
- `classNames`: A string containing the base Bootstrap CSS classes, merged with any [custom ones](../api-reference/uiSchema.md#classnames) defined in your uiSchema.
- `style`: An object containing the `StyleHTMLAttributes` defined in the `uiSchema`.
- `label`: The computed label for this field, as a string.

> - `description`: A component instance rendering the field description, if one is defined (this will use any custom `DescriptionField` defined).

Author: No clue where this was supposed to go. We don't have a section for the `DescriptionField`, so I just removed the link.

Reviewer: Maybe we want it to be the `DescriptionFieldTemplate` docs?

> - `description`: A component instance rendering the field description, if one is defined (this will use any custom `DescriptionField` defined).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `description`: A component instance rendering the field description, if one is defined (this will use any [custom `DescriptionFieldTemplate`](#descriptionfieldtemplate) defined in your templates).
```

- `children`: The children of the component, typically specified by the `FieldTemplate`.

- `id`: The id of the field in the hierarchy. You can use it to render a label targeting the wrapped widget.

> - `classNames`: A string containing the base Bootstrap CSS classes, merged with any [custom ones](../api-reference/uiSchema#classnames) defined in your uiSchema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `classNames`: A string containing the base Bootstrap CSS classes, merged with any [custom ones](../api-reference/uiSchema.md#classnames) defined in your uiSchema.
```
